bentoml/README.md, before:

## Introduction
This tutorial will cover the [Tutorial: Intro to BentoML], which includes training, saving and serving a ML model.  
For model training & saving, see [01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb] for more details.  
By running command below in the container, you can check out & manage the saved models.  
```bash
# pre-requisite: train/save model by running "01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb"
$ docker exec -it bentoml-serving /bin/bash
$ cd /opt/project/
$ bentoml models list
 Tag                        Module           Size      Creation Time
 iris_clf:iuf2xbcbl2pweasc  bentoml.sklearn  5.98 KiB  2022-10-01 07:54:25
```

Now, run the BentoML server for our new service in development mode.  
```bash
# run command below in the docker container and open "http://127.0.0.1:12000/" in your browser
$ cd bentoml/examples/tutorial
$ bentoml serve tutorial_service:svc --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000

# request prediction in your local machine
$ curl -X POST \
   -H "content-type: application/json" \
   --data "[[5.1, 3.5, 1.4, 0.2], [4.9, 3.0, 1.4, 0.2], [7.0, 3.2, 4.7, 1.4], [6.8, 3.2, 5.9, 2.3]]" \
   http://127.0.0.1:12000/classify
```

Build the model and service into a bento, self-contained archive that contains all the source code, model files and dependency specifications required to run the service.
```bash
# create bentofile.yaml first, and run command below in CLI
$ cd bentoml/examples/tutorial
$ export BENTOML_HOME=../../bentoml/ && bentoml build

$ cd bentoml/
$ tree bentoml/bentos/iris_classifier

# outputs:
bentoml/bentos/iris_classifier
├── latest
└── pbwm46sdcos4cmoq
    ├── apis
    │   └── openapi.yaml
    ├── bento.yaml
    ├── env
    │   ├── docker
    │   │   ├── Dockerfile
    │   │   └── entrypoint.sh
    │   └── python
    │       ├── install.sh
    │       ├── requirements.lock.txt
    │       ├── requirements.txt
    │       └── version.txt
    ├── models
    │   └── iris_clf
    │       ├── latest
    │       └── rlakk2cdccseyasc
    │           ├── model.yaml
    │           └── saved_model.pkl
    ├── README.md
    └── src
        ├── __init__.py
        └── service.py

# serving in production
$ bentoml serve iris_classifier:latest --production
```

A docker image can be automatically generated from a Bento for production deployment.  
```bash
# run command below in your local macihne (host)
$ bentoml containerize iris_classifier:latest

# check out the result for docker build
$ docker images

# output: 
REPOSITORY                   TAG                IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
iris_classifier              pbwm46sdcos4cmoq   7a140b976a71   24 seconds ago   834MB

# run the docker image and start BentoServer (tag may differ for other environment)
$ docker run -it --rm -p 12000:3000 iris_classifier:pbwm46sdcos4cmoq serve --production

# request prediction in your local machine (host)
$ curl -X POST \
   -H "content-type: application/json" \
   --data "[[5.1, 3.5, 1.4, 0.2], [4.9, 3.0, 1.4, 0.2], [7.0, 3.2, 4.7, 1.4], [6.8, 3.2, 5.9, 2.3]]" \
   http://127.0.0.1:12000/classify
```


## Practical examples
[BentoML examples: tensorflow2 keras]

## Custom Python model & Model runner



## References
- [Tutorial: Intro to BentoML]
- [Bentoml basic examples]



[Tutorial: Intro to BentoML]: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/tutorial.html
[1.0.0 Migration Guide]: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/guides/migration.html
[Bentoml basic examples]: https://zzsza.github.io/mlops/2021/04/18/bentoml-basic/
[01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb]: https://github.com/youjin2/mlops/blob/main/bentoml/examples/01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb
[BentoML examples: tensorflow2 keras]: https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML/tree/main/examples/tensorflow2_keras
[tmp]: https://towardsdatascience.com/bentoml-create-an-ml-powered-prediction-service-in-minutes-23d135d6ca76

Commit message:

MAINT: tensorflow model serving code

bentoml/README.md, after:

## Introduction
This tutorial will cover the [Tutorial: Intro to BentoML], which includes training, saving and serving a ML model.  
For model training & saving, see [01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb] for more details.  
By running command below in the container, you can check out & manage the saved models.  
```bash
# pre-requisite: train/save model by running "01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb"
$ docker exec -it bentoml-serving /bin/bash
$ cd /opt/project/
$ bentoml models list
 Tag                        Module           Size      Creation Time
 iris_clf:iuf2xbcbl2pweasc  bentoml.sklearn  5.98 KiB  2022-10-01 07:54:25
```

Now, run the BentoML server for our new service in development mode.  
```bash
# run command below in the docker container and open "http://127.0.0.1:12000/" in your browser
$ cd bentoml/examples/tutorial
$ bentoml serve tutorial_service:svc --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000

# request prediction in your local machine
$ curl -X POST \
   -H "content-type: application/json" \
   --data "[[5.1, 3.5, 1.4, 0.2], [4.9, 3.0, 1.4, 0.2], [7.0, 3.2, 4.7, 1.4], [6.8, 3.2, 5.9, 2.3]]" \
   http://127.0.0.1:12000/classify
```

Build the model and service into a bento, self-contained archive that contains all the source code, model files and dependency specifications required to run the service.
```bash
# create bentofile.yaml first, and run command below in CLI
$ cd bentoml/examples/tutorial
$ export BENTOML_HOME=../../bentoml/ && bentoml build

$ cd bentoml/
$ tree bentoml/bentos/iris_classifier

# outputs:
bentoml/bentos/iris_classifier
├── latest
└── pbwm46sdcos4cmoq
    ├── apis
    │   └── openapi.yaml
    ├── bento.yaml
    ├── env
    │   ├── docker
    │   │   ├── Dockerfile
    │   │   └── entrypoint.sh
    │   └── python
    │       ├── install.sh
    │       ├── requirements.lock.txt
    │       ├── requirements.txt
    │       └── version.txt
    ├── models
    │   └── iris_clf
    │       ├── latest
    │       └── rlakk2cdccseyasc
    │           ├── model.yaml
    │           └── saved_model.pkl
    ├── README.md
    └── src
        ├── __init__.py
        └── service.py

# serving in production
$ bentoml serve iris_classifier:latest --production
```

A docker image can be automatically generated from a Bento for production deployment.  
```bash
# run command below in your local macihne (host)
$ bentoml containerize iris_classifier:latest

# check out the result for docker build
$ docker images

# output: 
REPOSITORY                   TAG                IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
iris_classifier              pbwm46sdcos4cmoq   7a140b976a71   24 seconds ago   834MB

# run the docker image and start BentoServer (tag may differ for other environment)
$ docker run -it --rm -p 12000:3000 iris_classifier:pbwm46sdcos4cmoq serve --production

# request prediction in your local machine (host)
$ curl -X POST \
   -H "content-type: application/json" \
   --data "[[5.1, 3.5, 1.4, 0.2], [4.9, 3.0, 1.4, 0.2], [7.0, 3.2, 4.7, 1.4], [6.8, 3.2, 5.9, 2.3]]" \
   http://127.0.0.1:12000/classify
```


## Practical examples
First, train mnist classifier with tensorflow and save the model with BentoML. (see [02_tensorflow_mnist_pipeline.ipynb])  
In that notebook, you can also check that the model is loaded well and prediction API has no problem in native Python shell.  
Now, create ML service code `service.py` file. (see [examples/tensorflow_serving/service.py])  
```bash
# run below in a container
$ bentoml serve service:svc --reload

# run below in a local machine
$ curl -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F'fileobj=@samples/0.png;type=image/png' http://127.0.0.1:12000/predict_image
```


## Custom Python model & Model runner



## References
- [Tutorial: Intro to BentoML]
- [BentoML examples: tensorflow2 keras]
- [Bentoml basic tutorial (Korean)]



[Tutorial: Intro to BentoML]: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/tutorial.html
[1.0.0 Migration Guide]: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/guides/migration.html
[Bentoml basic tutorial (Korean)]: https://zzsza.github.io/mlops/2021/04/18/bentoml-basic/
[01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb]: https://github.com/youjin2/mlops/blob/main/bentoml/examples/01_introduction_to_bentoml.ipynb
[02_tensorflow_mnist_pipeline.ipynb]: https://github.com/youjin2/mlops/blob/main/bentoml/examples/02_tensorflow_mnist_pipeline.ipynb
[examples/tensorflow_serving/service.py]: https://github.com/youjin2/mlops/blob/main/bentoml/examples/tensorflow_serving/service.py
[BentoML examples: tensorflow2 keras]: https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML/tree/main/examples/tensorflow2_keras
[tmp]: https://towardsdatascience.com/bentoml-create-an-ml-powered-prediction-service-in-minutes-23d135d6ca76
